Add grpc keepalive configuration. (#19339)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/agent/config/config-files.mdx

    This was added in Consul 1.0. Must be a duration value such as 10s. Defaults
    to 7s.

>   - `grpc_keepalive_interval` - A duration that determines the frequency that servers will send keepalive messages to inactive grpc clients. This configuration can be used to modify how quick uncleanly closed xds or peering connections are detected and removed. Defaults to 30s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `grpc_keepalive_interval` - A duration that determines the frequency that Consul servers send keep-alive messages to inactive gRPC clients. Configure this setting to modify how quickly Consul detects and removes improperly closed xDS or peering connections. Default is `30s`.
```
Switch to active voice and present tense per the style guide.

>   - `grpc_keepalive_timeout` - A duration that determines how long a server will wait for a reply to a keepalive message before considering a grpc connection unhealthy and forcibly removing it. Defaults to 20s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `grpc_keepalive_timeout` - A duration that determines how long a Consul server waits for a reply to a keep-alive message. If the server does not receive a reply before the end of the duration, Consul flags the gRPC connection as unhealthy and forcibly removes it. Defaults to `20s`.
```
I think it is a little clearer as two sentences.
